# ckpool-solo Docker image (runtime-build with CPU-specific optimizations)

How is this Docker container of ckpool-solo different from all of the others?

ckpool has many assembly-language optimisations. To use these, you must build
ckpool on the CPU on which it will be running. This Docker container breaks all
the rules and does exactly that - builds ckpool inside the container so that
it can use all the assembly language optimisations.

Most other ckpool Docker containers turn off all assembly-language high-performance optimisations so that the container they create can run on all CPUs.

This container will run on both Intel and ARM CPUs.

Every time you start the Docker container:
* Downloads any GitHub updates and automatically compiles the new version.
* Rotates the log file (/var/log/ckpool/ckpool.log).

This container was designed to be used by:
https://github.com/pdath/knots-ckpool-solo-ckstats-quick-start
There is also a video guide and installation article here:
https://youtu.be/MbCZpps7Ijs
https://pdath.substack.com/p/quick-start-guide-to-solo-mine-bitcoin

## ckpool.conf

Edit ckpool.conf before running.
* Change both occurrences of 192.168.80.250 to be the IP address of your Bitcoin Node.
* Update "auth" and "pass" to be the RPC username and password used for your Bitcoin Node (generated by "share/rpcauth/rpcauth.py" on your Bitcoin Node).
* Change btcsig to be the text you would like to appear (up to 38 bytes) in the coinbase transaction, should you solve a block.

## Usage (Linux):
First time start (done once only): ./run
To start: ./start
To stop: ./stop
To delete: ./remove
To build: ./build

## Usage (Windows):
First time start (done once only): .\run.bat
To start: .\start.bat
To stop: .\stop.bat
To delete: .\remove.bat
To build: .\build.bat

You can monitor the logs with:
docker logs -f ckpool-solo
